1. The most important thing I learned when working in a 3D space is how the emphasis on code order, and camera placement.  You have to be aware of a new axis, the z axis and if you mess this up your model won't show.  This is completely different from working in 2D since it is more forgiving in the order of your code, and you don't need to worry about the z axis.  Luckily, this wasn't the hardest part to me due to prior experience working with blender and understanding how crucial the z placement is.

2. The most challenging part of this project was debugging, and model loading.  Everything was working fine until I tried to do my first add-on and use the 3d model.  The code completely broke for hours, with seemingly no way to fix it, and the debugging not doing much to help.  I kept a new tab on my browser open for each search issue and problem I had.  I did not use Generative AI, but instead when google gave me the automatic AI answer would click on the source links it provided and scroll through those sources to try and debug.  Eventually I found the issue to my problem being that import code, code I didn't know was possible but it solved all of my problems.  From there, after hosting it through a link than through the file itself it helped my code run smoother as well.  I mostly relied on stackoverflow for this issue, and appreciated the answers to other forums with the same problems explaining why they worked.

3. My scene is meant to experience how life and family work with grief.  The grief of losing my dad affected my whole family and it will always be a part of our lives.  However, we will live and grow independently around that grief regardless of how it always stays.  I figured a solar system worked best to illustrate this.  The planets each represent a member of my family, youngest child being the smallest planet and working up to the biggest planet which is our mom.  We all revolve around the grief in our own orbits, at our own speeds, but being part of the solar system connects us since we all lost the same person.  The sun is purposefully rotating in the opposite direction to show it is the opposite of us living and growing.  Choosing to represent grief as the sun was purposeful as well, grief is not all bad and the love and light our dad left us with is just as important as the grief we feel without him.

4. If I had more time I would have loved to add individual textures to the planets.  I kept them a solid color since I could not figure out how to add a texture map or gradient, but it is something I would have liekd to do if I revisted this program.  I would also love to use three.js in order to host the works I've made in Blender in a portfolio website for the future.  I am the most interested in figuring out how to host my own models through this tool, and how to combine my 2d and 3d art knowledge to push it even further.