The goal for this assignment was to create a decompression piece.  A lot of website and posters have very bright, in your face visuals.  I wanted gentle shape movements and cycling imaging that would calm the viewer.  The text is also meant to guide them in what they are supposed to do.  The style reminds me of early websites, especially kids interactive websites which were much less stimulating back then.  I struggled with this assignment and I left some of my failures in my code for myself to learn from.  Learning jQuery was challenging.

Reflection:

For my code I had to frankenstein certain section from forumns.  My images array was not working no matter what I did so I went on a hunt for someone else who had the same issue.  After browsing 12 different forumn questions, I got a handful that answered my dilemma and combined them.  The website I used requires code answers to explain why they work, and why they are a better solution which helped me understand the basis of the code.  I felt more confident explaining how the code worked and practiced the techniques I found on different variables as well.  I found this to be very helpful and offer a unique perspective into coding in the future.  A lot of people asking the questions mentioned they were working in a job in the field, and still came to ask their peers on what they could improve on.  This approach to code is something I will use in the future if I am stuck and I will experiment more in my free time to further my knwoledge of what I know.